Documenting guidelines for translations (#551)
InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Translations

* All articles may be translated into any language of interest.

> * Instead of translating from scratch, contact [@nysenthil] to get an IBM Watson machine translation as a starting point and revising from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instead of translating from scratch, consider contacting [@nysenthil] to get an IBM Watson machine translation as a starting point and revising from there.
```

I think retaining the word 'consider' is good to make it clear this is optional - maybe I'm overthinking it, but a potential contributor may be put off thinking they aren't allowed to manually translate from scratch.

Author: Good idea
